W-16822678 add why (#276)
mulesoft/docs-general: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/partner-and-customer-guide.adoc

NOTE: The maximum supported version for running your applications is Java 17 for Mule runtime 4.6.x and later. During the packaging of your app, all code, including third-party dependencies, *must* be compiled for Java 8.
+
Because you must compile your custom connector with Java 8, use the Java compiler configuration from the Java SDK parent POM. You can’t use language features from Java 11 or Java 17. 
+

> If you change the compilation to Java 17, the surrounding tooling (such as Studio, Maven plugins, DataSense, connectivity testing, etc) breaks because they are still running on Java 8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you change the compilation to Java 17, the surrounding tooling (such as Studio, Maven plugins, DataSense, or connectivity testing, and so on) breaks because they are still running on Java 8.
```

Reviewer: There's no reference to the use of "etc." in the MuleSoft or Salesforce guide. Weird...

Author: Seems like there is: https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/MTDT/MuleSoft+CX+Writing+Style+Reference#:~:text=etc.%20%3E%20x%2C%20y%2C%20or%20z%2C%20and%20so%20on

I just updated the wording

=== Add Missing Code

> Because reflection is more restricted in Java 17, API objects now require setters. Previously, API objects and plain old Java objects (POJOs) had default constructors and getters for all properties. Now, API objects and POJOs must also have setters so DataWeave can build outside the connector in the Mule app.

Reviewer 2: >  Previously, API objects and plain old Java objects (POJOs) had default constructors and getters for all properties

With Java 8, it is enough for API Java objects to simply offer a default constructor and getters for all DataWeave accessible properties. With Java 17,  they must also have setters so DataWeave can write those properties without using reflection.

> Because reflection is more restricted in Java 17, API objects now require setters. Previously, API objects and plain old Java objects (POJOs) had default constructors and getters for all properties. Now, API objects and POJOs must also have setters so DataWeave can build outside the connector in the Mule app. Ensuring that API objects now require setters is crucial because it allows for more flexible and robust data handling. This change facilitates compatibility with Java 17's stricter reflection rules and DataWeave's requirements, making sure your connector can interact seamlessly within Mule applications.

Reviewer 2: > is crucial because it allows for more flexible and robust data handling. This change facilitates compatibility..

This is not correct. This is mandatory or else it just won't work. I don't understand what this is trying to convey, but it makes it sound like a recommendation when it's actually a mandate
